---
title: Goodbye 2013 and Hello 2014
date: 2014-01-12 17:00 -07:00
tags: thoughtspark.org, me
---

### Goodbye 2013

2013 was an interesting year for me.  In many ways, I was blessed by it but at the same time, I found myself in a rut
most of the year.  If it wasn't [Apigee](http://www.apigee.com) related or family related, I wasn't able to be as
productive or as creative as I would like to be.  This has been great for my career at Apigee but I feel 2013 left me
feeling a bit frustrated.  The good news about 2013 is that I feel like I finished the year reflecting and learning
things that should make 2014 better.  For example, I realized I spent most of 2013 struggling with time management.
When you have an insatiable desire to create things, a lack of time management and an inability to prioritize can
make life very frustrating.  I feel like I have so many cool ideas but I've struggled bringing them to fruition.

In 2013, I spent a lot of time validating my ideas and researching technologies to help me bring my ideas to light.  To
bad that was all I did.  Other than contributions to existing OSS softwares, I only completed one personal project of
my own in 2013, a [JavaScript Library for Carvoyant](https://github.com/whitlockjc/carvoyant).  Just about all the time
I had, or made available, for personal projects in 2013 was wasted thinking about ideas instead of creating them.

I leave 2013 humbled, on many levels, but very grateful for having been able to learn from my mistakes.

### Hello 2014

In 2014, I hope to blog more often.  I feel like if I want to share more publicly, I'll have to manage my time better
to allow for it, and to do it right.  I also feel that there are some really cool things out there I'd like to try out
this year instead of just reading about them.  My experiments could easily become good reads if I make the time to do
them right.

I'd also like to include some personal entries.  Typically I've keep my writings to be about programming related stuff,
like cool Emacs snippets or examples on how to use OSS softwares/libraries.  But I find myself in a situation where I
feel like I have more to give than this.  Sure, I hope to continue offering the same things I always have, hopefully
better done than before, but I also think I have a perspective and some experiences that might be important to others.
We'll just have to see how that goes...I might be writing about this in 2015 as a bad idea.

I enter 2014 hopeful, with knowledge of my short comings to help get beyond them so that 2014 can be better than 2013.
